+++
title = "Is Code a Thing of the Past in Vibe Coding?"
slug = "is-code-a-thing-of-the-past-in-vibe-coding"
date = "2025-08-15"
draft = false
status = "upcoming"
description = "Is code becoming obsolete—or just evolving? In this kickoff episode, Marcelo is joined by Eric Provencher, founder of Repo Prompt, to explore what vibe coding really means?"
image = "images/podcast/e001.png"
video_id = ""
audio_id = ""
host = "Marcelo Lewin"
guest = "Eric Provencher, Founder @ Repo Prompt"
guest_image = "images/guests/eric-provencher.png"
guest_details = "Eric Provencher is the founder and creator behind RepoPrompt.  He's also a Staff Research Engineer at Unity currently working on the creating the core building blocks of cross platform XR interaction.  He is also the creator of MRTK-Quest, the most popular open source MRTK extension designed to bring full support of Microsoft interaction library to the Oculus ecosystem."
guest_learn_more_link = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/provencher/"
+++

In this inaugural episode of Coding with AI, Marcelo sits down with Eric Provencher, founder of Repo Prompt, to unpack the rise of vibe coding—an emerging approach to building software through conversation, intuition, and collaboration with AI. They discuss what separates vibe coding from traditional development, the shifting role of code in the age of large language models, and how AI tools are helping shape the future of AI-assisted creation. Along the way, they explore topics like prompt engineering, tooling for non-developers, and whether we’re witnessing the beginning of a post-code era or just a new way to express logic and structure.

## Key Topics

1. What is vibe coding?
2. Is code still necessary?
3. Is prompt engineering a new development skill?
4. The rise of AI tools.
5. The future of software creation.

## Resources to Check Out

- [Repo Prompt](https://repoprompt.com/)